# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.in
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.0
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.10.5
    # via gcsfs
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
alembic==1.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dynamicannotationdb
amqp==5.2.0
    # via kombu
aniso8601==9.0.1
    # via flask-restx
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
atomicwrites==1.4.1
    # via neuroglancer
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   caveclient
    #   jsonschema
    #   nglui
billiard==4.2.0
    # via celery
blinker==1.8.2
    # via flask
boto3==1.35.5
    # via
    #   cloud-files
    #   cloud-volume
botocore==1.35.5
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
brotli==1.1.0
    # via
    #   cloud-files
    #   urllib3
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   caveclient
    #   google-auth
    #   middle-auth-client
caveclient==5.25.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nglui
celery==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via requests
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   cloud-files
    #   cloud-volume
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   cloud-files
    #   compressed-segmentation
    #   flask
    #   microviewer
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
cloud-files==4.27.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cloud-volume
cloud-volume==10.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
compressed-segmentation==2.3.1
    # via cloud-volume
crc32c==2.7.post1
    # via cloud-files
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   gcsfs
    #   ipython
deflate==0.7.0
    # via cloud-files
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via limits
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   multiprocess
    #   pathos
dracopy==1.4.0
    # via cloud-volume
dynamicannotationdb==5.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
emannotationschemas==5.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dynamicannotationdb
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fasteners==0.19
    # via
    #   cloud-files
    #   google-apitools
fastremap==1.15.0
    # via cloud-volume
flask==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-admin
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-limiter
    #   flask-marshmallow
    #   flask-restx
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   middle-auth-client
flask-accepts==0.18.4
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-admin==1.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-cors==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-limiter==3.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-marshmallow==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-restx==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-accepts
flask-sqlalchemy==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.6.1
    # via gcsfs
furl==2.1.3
    # via middle-auth-client
gcsfs==2024.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
geoalchemy2==0.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dynamicannotationdb
    #   emannotationschemas
gevent==24.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cloud-files
    #   cloud-volume
google-api-core==2.19.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-apitools==0.5.32
    # via neuroglancer
google-auth==2.34.0
    # via
    #   cloud-files
    #   cloud-volume
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   neuroglancer
google-auth-oauthlib==1.2.1
    # via gcsfs
google-cloud-core==2.4.1
    # via
    #   cloud-files
    #   cloud-volume
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-storage==2.18.2
    # via
    #   cloud-files
    #   cloud-volume
    #   gcsfs
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via
    #   cloud-files
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.64.0
    # via google-api-core
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via gevent
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-apitools
    #   oauth2client
idna==3.8
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-resources==6.4.4
    # via
    #   flask-restx
    #   limits
inflection==0.5.1
    # via python-jsonschema-objects
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipython==8.26.0
    # via
    #   caveclient
    #   nglui
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via flask
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
json5==0.9.25
    # via cloud-volume
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   caveclient
    #   cloud-volume
    #   dynamicannotationdb
    #   emannotationschemas
    #   flask-restx
    #   python-jsonschema-objects
kombu==5.4.0
    # via celery
limits==3.13.0
    # via flask-limiter
mako==1.3.5
    # via alembic
markdown==3.7
    # via python-jsonschema-objects
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
    #   wtforms
marshmallow==3.5.1
    # via
    #   dynamicannotationdb
    #   emannotationschemas
    #   flask-accepts
    #   flask-marshmallow
    #   marshmallow-jsonschema
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
marshmallow-jsonschema==0.10.0
    # via emannotationschemas
marshmallow-sqlalchemy==0.28.2
    # via -r requirements.in
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
microviewer==1.9.0
    # via cloud-volume
middle-auth-client==3.18.1
    # via -r requirements.in
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.16
    # via pathos
multiwrapper==0.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
networkx==3.3
    # via
    #   caveclient
    #   cloud-volume
neuroglancer==2.40.1
    # via nglui
nglui==3.3.7
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   caveclient
    #   cloud-volume
    #   compressed-segmentation
    #   emannotationschemas
    #   fastremap
    #   microviewer
    #   multiwrapper
    #   neuroglancer
    #   nglui
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   shapely
    #   simplejpeg
oauth2client==4.1.3
    # via google-apitools
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via flask-limiter
orderedmultidict==1.0.1
    # via furl
orjson==3.10.7
    # via cloud-files
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   geoalchemy2
    #   limits
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
    #   pytest
pandas==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   caveclient
    #   nglui
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pathos==0.3.2
    # via
    #   cloud-files
    #   cloud-volume
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   neuroglancer
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
posix-ipc==1.1.1
    # via cloud-volume
pox==0.3.4
    # via pathos
ppft==1.7.6.8
    # via pathos
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via
    #   click-repl
    #   ipython
proto-plus==1.24.0
    # via google-api-core
protobuf==5.27.3
    # via
    #   cloud-files
    #   cloud-volume
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   proto-plus
psutil==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cloud-volume
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via dynamicannotationdb
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==17.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   caveclient
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   oauth2client
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   rich
pyparsing==3.1.4
    # via httplib2
pyrsistent==0.20.0
    # via jsonschema
pysimdjson==6.0.2
    # via cloud-volume
pytest==8.3.2
    # via compressed-segmentation
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   cloud-volume
    #   pandas
python-jsonschema-objects==0.4.6
    # via cloud-volume
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   dynamicannotationdb
    #   flask-restx
    #   pandas
redis==5.0.8
    # via limits
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   caveclient
    #   cloud-files
    #   cloud-volume
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   middle-auth-client
    #   neuroglancer
    #   nglui
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rich==13.8.0
    # via flask-limiter
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   cloud-files
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
s3transfer==0.10.2
    # via boto3
setuptools==73.0.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   zope-event
    #   zope-interface
shapely==2.0.3
    # via
    #   dynamicannotationdb
    #   emannotationschemas
simplejpeg==1.7.4
    # via cloud-volume
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   cloud-files
    #   cloud-volume
    #   furl
    #   google-apitools
    #   jsonschema
    #   nglui
    #   oauth2client
    #   orderedmultidict
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-jsonschema-objects
sqlalchemy==1.3.24
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   dynamicannotationdb
    #   emannotationschemas
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   geoalchemy2
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   cloud-files
    #   cloud-volume
tornado==6.4.1
    # via neuroglancer
tqdm==4.66.5
    # via
    #   cloud-files
    #   cloud-volume
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   flask-limiter
    #   ipython
    #   limits
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   celery
    #   pandas
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   caveclient
    #   cloud-files
    #   cloud-volume
    #   requests
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.8.0
    # via nglui
werkzeug==3.0.4
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-accepts
    #   flask-restx
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via deprecated
wtforms==3.1.2
    # via flask-admin
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
zope-event==5.0
    # via gevent
zope-interface==7.0.2
    # via gevent
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via cloud-files
